Haha, you are so smart.
All right.
I told you to shut up, didn't you hear me?
But Mr. Shen
It's him you want us to deal with
Since you can understand the county seat, why not agree?
What the hell do you know?
I dealt with him
It is to deal with the layout
If the wolf cub knew
Don't bite me to death
Now that I can make him owe me a favor
Why would I take such a big risk?
Come with him
He now knows it's you who want to kill him
Stuffing Guo Dingchun's character
Did you steal your good fruit to eat?
Mr. Shen, I don't care what you planned before
As long as you save me
I will definitely put in a good word for you at Tingchuan
It will be easy to resume cooperation at that time
Nice words
He turned around and told Mr. Shen not to stop wearing clothes.
Aren't you like a bamboo basket fetching water?
You think I'm as mean as you are
Mr. Shen
I'm already pregnant with a baby who keeps wearing clothes
So?
I saved the passport family's heir
Yes, even if you make a big mistake
He will forgive you too
Mr. Shen, I take half of his property
I'll call you right away